SONARJAVA-3863 Drop deprecated method "MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbol()" (#3902)
SonarSource/sonar-java: sonar-java-plugin/src/main/resources/static/documentation.md

### API changes

#### **7.7**

> * **Method `MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbol()` was dropped.**. Despite, the changes described in version 7.0, `overriddenSymbol()` was still shipped as part of the API because it was still used by sonar-security. As this is no longer the case, the method has now been safely removed.

Reviewer: This list of changes are for custom rules developers, I don't think all the details are relevant here. What about this instead?
```suggestion
* **Method `MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbol()`, deprecated in 7.0, was dropped.**. Use `MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbols()` instead.
```

Author: The thing is: it was deprecated in 6.15. What about?
```suggestion
* **Method `MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbol()` was dropped.**. Deprecated in 6.15 and planned to be dropped in 7.0. `overriddenSymbol()` has now been removed from the API. Use `MethodSymbol.overriddenSymbols()` instead.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.
